
Answer the following questions


1) What is an instance variable?
    A variable that is used within the entire class.

2) How do you create a new object?
    Vehicle car = new Vehicle;

3) After creating a new object, how do you set that objects instance variables?
        get.objectName();
        set.objectName();

4) What is a reference variable? Why do you need to be careful with reference variables?
    an alias for an already existing variable.

5) How many methods can you have in a class?
    No limit to the number of methods.

6) How do you exit a method at any point?
    return;

7) What is the method signature required to return an "int" from a method?
    every method signature declares the return (data) type that the method returns.
    Can be primitive data type, any object type of void (no value returned).

8) Assuming "int num = 10", what is the syntax to return "num" from a method?
    return num;

9) How do you pass a parameter to a method?
    pass a value by a reference variable.

10) What is the method signature for a method named sum() that takes two int parameters and returns their sum as in int?
    public int sum(int a, int b){
        int num = a + b;
        return num;

11) What is a constructor?
    similar to a method but doesnt have a return type.


12) How does Java treat a class without a constructor?
    It assigns a default constructor.


13) What would the constructor for "public class Animal" look like?
    class Animal {

        private String name;

        public Animal(string name);
            this.name = name;
    }

14) What is the effect of passing parameters to a constructor?
    it's carried down through other extending classes.

15) When should you pass parameters to a constructor?
    when you want private variables to be passed to extended classes.

16) What does the finalize() method do?
    cannot be changed; absolutely final.

17) What does the "this" keyword do?
    this keyword references the method in that class.


18) When should you use the "this" keyword?
    when you're wanting to keep the variable within that method.

19) Write an example of the "this" keyword in action.
    SuperClass.name = name;
    this.name = name.

20.) Explain the difference between static and non-static variables.
    static variable shared by all instances of a class
    non-static variable is each individual instance

21.) Explain the difference between static and non-static methods.
    static methods are useful if you don't need other copies.
    non-static can be changed and updated.

